docs(common): Improve Upgrade procedure (#1428)
telerik/blazor-docs: upgrade/overview.md

        
        <script src="https://blazor.cdn.telerik.com/blazor/<VERSION NUMBER>/telerik-blazor.min.js" defer></script>

> 1. If you are using a local theme stylesheet in `wwwroot`, then replace it. For example, if the app is using a [custom theme]({%slug themes-custom%}), then recreate it with the [ThemeBuilder]({%slug themebuilder%}). Or, if the [project was created with the Telerik&reg; UI for Blazor Visual Studio Extensions]({%slug themes-swatch-distribution%}#visual-studio-and-visual-studio-code-wizards), then download the required built-in theme from the [Telerik Blazor CDN]({%slug themes-swatch-distribution%}) and add it to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are using a local theme style sheet in `wwwroot`, then replace it. For example, if the app is using a [custom theme]({%slug themes-custom%}), then recreate it with [ThemeBuilder]({%slug themebuilder%}). Or, if the [project was created with the Telerik&reg; UI for Blazor Visual Studio Extensions]({%slug themes-swatch-distribution%}#visual-studio-and-visual-studio-code-wizards), then download the required built-in theme from the [Telerik Blazor CDN]({%slug themes-swatch-distribution%}) and add it to the project.
```
